There were a lot of witnesses when he said that
Not like him
The upper lip touches the lower lip and talks nonsense
Yes, this forestry deserves death
He impersonated two Venerables
And he also slandered that he was the first to go to prison
Miss Hu said how is this possible?
Miss Hu is a newly appointed grandmother
How could that man break the law?
The old advocate that we demand severe punishment and resignation
How do you know there is no birth?
In this waist plate
But it includes all your crimes.
What address do you think this is?
You say evidence is evidence
You're going to get 100 USB sticks out.
We have to check them one by one.
Skynet is back
omission
Don't worry.
I don't only have this kind of information.
Not to mention
I don't need any evidence to arrest you at all
collect
It's all because I'm being polite.
Dare to clamor for the old master to kill
This person must be severely punished
Someone take down the Lei father and son for me
Do you still dare to call people
Do you know what this place is?
This is the inheritance ceremony of Kunlun
The first place here is all Kunlun elites
How can I listen to your command
Forestry, I see you are still living in a dream
That's it.
Your Dharma may still have some vitality